heis Lika here for peak survival we're
wrapping up our segment on water
filtration this is potassium
permanganate it is very affordable and
easy to buy at your local drugstore or
even at a pool cleaning store for 500
grams that you can buy for about 17
dollars it's very cheap and it will last
you a very long time now obviously you
don't need to bring a whole bottle like
this you can just put a few you know
milligrams in a little plastic bag or a
little sachet what's great about
potassium permanganate is that you can
put a three to four little crystals in
one liter of water and it will disinfect
the water and you can consume it when
you do so the water will turn a light
pink color you wait 30 minutes and then
you can consume it like this now this I
added just a few more drops just a
little bit more on the purple side but
you want to go really light pink now
something incredible happens when you
add more crystals and it turns purple it
becomes a great first-aid helper and you
can clean wounds canker sores fungal
infections on the hands and feet so
that's pretty incredible and then
something that is very amazing is that
when you combine potassium permanganate
with glycerin and this this bottle is
only two dollars and fifty cents as you
can see it's very very cheap and when
you combine these two with tinder right
now I have some cat tail tinder
it will
spontaneously combust
sometimes it takes a few minutes
well I owe their goats starting to smoke
a little bit now while we're waiting for
this one to warm up I just want to show
you over here this one's been burning
for a few minutes now and it's still
burning even though it's in the snow so
if you want to use this for you know
winter whoo that's our winter survival
it's a great look at that it's burning
really nicely oh there you go and that's
giving off really nice heat look at that
that's lovely
so Pratap potassium permanganate a great
little tool to have on you in your
survival kit
if you've used this before great and if
you're new to this concept consider it
in your survival kit and to our new
subscribers welcome to our Channel